well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so a few days ago somebody
mentioned a historical figure in a
conversation and I didn't know how to
respond I had to leave the conversation
he's just timing was very fitting though
so today we're going to talk about one
of my heroes even though you may have
never heard of her in a less than
roundabout way sure she's the reason
you're watching this her brother Hans
well he was a member of Hitler Youth she
was a member of a similar organization
her dad well he was a critic of of
Hitler she was a little bit of an artist
though so she hung out with musicians
philosophers other degenerates of that
ilk
Jemma's didn't make it through school
became a kindergarten teacher eventually
she wound up at the University of Munich
sure enough there's Hans he's there
studying medicine I think and they had
this circle of friends and they'd sit
around talk about philosophy and music
and this little network well it morphed
and it became what was known as the
white rose society
and they started writing leaflets
encouraging passive resistance to the
Nazi regime they framed their arguments
in these leaflets framed Imam publicly
and thought softly making sure that they
could reach everybody
after the sixth wire they got caught
as they were walking her to the
guillotine she her last words were how
can we expect righteousness to prevail
when there's hardly anybody willing to
give himself up individually to a
righteous cause it's such a fine sunny
day I have to go but what does my death
matter if through us thousands of people
are awakened and stirred into action
she was 21 when she was executed
that execution took place today February
22nd 76 years ago so what did she teach
us though what can we learn from her
life than what she did this entire
series of videos first the new
information exposure to new ideas can
and should change the way you think that
there is a difference between legality
and morality the patriotism and
nationalism aren't the same rule 303 if
you've got the means you've got the
responsibility she left a historical
mark that even in a sea of brown shirts
there can be white roses
she taught us the importance of meeting
people where they're at and life's
journey you know it's hard to quantify
what she did militarily for the war
effort and when you think of resistance
during World War two you think of
blowing up bridges taking out trains
collected in Nazi scalps she didn't do
any of that didn't do any of that she
encouraged passive resistance because
she understood that not everybody can
pick up a gun not everybody's gonna
become a radical or a militant but
everybody can engage in passive
resistance what does that mean don't be
as good at your job as you could be slow
down at work work in a factory
maybe the Nazis don't have as much
ammunition maybe that family of Jews
gets away just us a whole lot
21 when she was executed even the even
the Nazi guards coming it on the bravery
she displayed during her trial her
entire defense consisted of one
statement somebody after all had to make
a start what we wrote and said is also
believed by others they just don't dare
express themselves as we did so if we
had way more than just a fault
y'all have a good night